hey guys this is JP five five four seven
three one and I got from Bandai a couple
of replacement parts and how I I live in
America in California and how I did this
was I used a proxy service like well
what a proxy services is they basically
they by which you you can't buy by
yourself in their home country and then
they send you through you to you through
smear mail and there's gonna be some
fees with this which kind of sucks but
hey they gotta make their money right
and I use drink yeah I usually use Kubo
Tim but ring Kia was pretty good with
replies I mean they they usually they
when I when I does and shoot them an
email they send me a reply like a a
couple hours or maybe even a day after
well let's go ahead and open this sucker
up
shout out to Robert 184 at Gundam CK
because he's the one who showed me how
to do this stuff let's see oh ok so what
this is saying is that they ran out of
this is a gock Sagat part
what this is is parts from Socrates
Baloo Rick dice the clay bazooka heavy
arms leg pods death scythe help hearts
Oh double-bedded parts this looks like
oh this is Veda 2.0 what is this GPL one
parts wow it looks like they got
everything pretty much in my order super
gundam parts for those that you don't
know mark to some marks who's a Don Zeta
a one gun cannon see what is this char's
zaku a version one a peon gelgoog
version to some Nukem Gundam parts and
well I got this chasm as you can see
these are ABS parts and I spray I
sprayed some lacquer paints on it and
what happened was the lacquer makes it
brittle so it basically messes up the
part and oh I'll run through after the
parts count I'll run through how to do
this oh you can't even get hands I got I
got a wing Gundam version cause hands
said of them because as you can see here
I have a couple of high grades and I
don't really like their manipulators
because they your crap
see right there be clubs some conversion
version conversions and their each piece
what is this oh okay okay so what I did
was I took I scanned let's load this up
I scanned the manual and what you're
gonna need is these little coupon
looking things right here and what this
is is as explained I'm Robert and 184
videos is part sorting
it's a parts ordering form from Ford and
I and you can either do that or on your
mg boxes yeah I got a ton I just ordered
a couple from Animaniacs they had a fire
sale over there 30% off Gunpla and free
shipping for if you ordered 250 mm 250
250 dollars of stuff and more free
shipping so I got close to 15 mg kicks
um I'll show you the site way to do this
too and see this number right here it
usually says on the the newer manuals
but there's a number here it's not
focusing there's a number here right
here to 0 5 7 905 this is for gun tank
this especially for gun tank and what
you do is you type in into this search
box are 205 7 905 I didn't get the link
whoa
it shows here how to do it I'll just
post it in the in the description box
well I'll just explain how how I did
this on how I ordered it from rink yeah
so what I did was I scanned this scanned
the parts order form and I named it a
dot JPEG and oh I also what I also did
was um I made an excel sheet basically
putting all the parts that I'm missing
and what I do is in each row you see a
letter it goes from A to Z and what I
did was I put the the name of the Gundam
and then put the missing parts you see
this this kanji just means how many
parts I'm I want and they were pretty
good
I don't see any missing parts at all and
basically what I did was I got this row
right it's it says a I I asked them to
print this out this excel sheet out and
then match it up with a scanned a jet a
JPEG and send it to Bandai and of course
a row a goes to JPEG a B JPEG B I told
them to to print print all the pieces
out all the pieces of paper out and and
then cut them and then staple them
together and I got my parts and I'm
happy
well I think that's all I have to say
about that so see you guys later